Add note about 3.x to 4.x upgrades (#58643)
openshift/openshift-docs: upgrading/upgrade-operator.adoc

If you installed {product-title-short} using the Operator and selected *Automatic* in the *Update approval* field, {product-title-short} is automatically updated when a new software version is released. If you selected *Manual*, you must approve subsequent Operator updates by using Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM). For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-approving-pending-upgrade_olm-upgrading-operators[Manually approving a pending Operator update].

[NOTE]
====

> You cannot use OLM, even with manual approval, to upgrade from {product-title-short} version 3.74 and earlier to {product-title-short} 4.0 because of database changes introduced in {product-title-short} 4.0. For that upgrade procedure, see "Upgrading from {product-title-short} 3.74 and earlier to {product-title-short 4.0 and later}" in the "Additional resources" section.

Reviewer: I'd change "You cannot" to "it's not possible" because it is indeed technically not possible.

Something in the spirit of:
```suggestion
It is not possible, even with manual approval, to upgrade from {product-title-short} version 3.74 and earlier to {product-title-short} 4.0 via the standard OLM upgrade process. The custom upgrade procedure requires a manual intervention in order to give the opportunity for the system administrator to take a database backup before database changes introduced in {product-title-short} 4.0 are applied. For that upgrade procedure, see "Upgrading from {product-title-short} 3.74 and earlier to {product-title-short 4.0 and later}" in the "Additional resources" section.
```

* xref:../installing/installing_ocp/install-central-ocp.adoc#install-central-operator_install-central-ocp[Installing Central using the Operator method]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html/operators/understanding-operators#olm-workflow[Operator Lifecycle Manager workflow]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-approving-pending-upgrade_olm-upgrading-operators[Manually approving a pending Operator update]

> * add link to Upgrading from {product-title-short} 3.74 and earlier to {product-title-short} 4.0 and later

Reviewer: We usually add TODOs because this makes finding unfinished things easier.
```suggestion
* TODO: add link to Upgrading from {product-title-short} 3.74 and earlier to {product-title-short} 4.0 and later
```
Up to you :-)
